Add coverage badge (#13)
pymeasure/pyleco: README.md

# PyLECO
Python reference implementation of the Laboratory Experiment COntrol (LECO) protocol (https://github.com/pymeasure/leco-protocol).

The [main branch](https://github.com/pymeasure/pyleco/tree/main) contains reviewed code, which does not yet contain all necessary modules and classes.
The most recent development is in the [development branch

> ](https://github.com/pymeasure/pyleco/tree/development), which might contain commits of a broken state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
](https://github.com/pymeasure/pyleco/tree/development), which might contain commits with PyLECO being in a broken state.
```
